I think you should stay.
Linda,
she saved your life. Without Linda,
you'd probably still be starving.
You wouldn't have eaten.
If you're done,
get out.
That little sister,
how is she now?
Still feeling dizzy.
I figured,
you hothead,
breaking the rules for the first time,
something bad would happen.
But I never expected
you'd knock her out cold.
Get out.
Huh?
Vice Commander.
Sir, Linda's
lucky to be alive,
she's still breathing.
Keep her here.
Also, tell the young lady,
no one in the manor
is to discuss this.
Especially, don't tell Ji Lingling.
Yes.
No, please, don't touch me.
Ji Lingling, are you that afraid of me?
Don't worry, it won't happen again.
Don't hurt Wu Tai.
Ji Lingling,
is it only when she dies,
that you can forget her?